What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	A new git file is created in the repository and the destination or folder location to this file is given.
	To store the commits we make every time to this repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
	Staging area is the place where the files need to make a new commit but working directory is the place where all files are stored and repository is the place where changes files ie., commits are saved.
	Uses only those files that are needed to make a commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
	staging area uses only those files that are needed to be changed, so at that point making only one commit will make a logical change for a file.
	
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	Branching makes the master code be safe in every situation until and unless you make changes in the master.
	Branches make a seperate path for the working history to be changed as required.
	Makes user confortouble when he does any mistake or delete a command and helps in restoring it.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	To know how the branching takes place and know the parent of each commit and make detailed variations in master branch and any other branch.
	To know how each branch works and make new branches from particular commit.
	
What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
	All the commits in the both the branches merge together to form a single branch having all the commits placed one after the other according to the time the commit has been made.
	The merging may also result in conflict but can be cleared after which lines are to be removed and to be added.
	To simplify the viewing of the commits made and can know the parent commit.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?